---
layout: post
title:  "Hello 2020!"
tags:
  - life
hero: https://source.unsplash.com/collection/430471/
overlay: red
published: true

---

Hello, 2020! How is it going? Are you early? However, since you are here, let's start.
{: .lead}
<!–-break-–>

I did B.Sc. and somehow got my interest in computer science. I moved to Bangalore around 2 and a half years ago and started chasing a career in software engineering. This year I started my full-time job. So, 2019 was good overall. Now let's plan my 2020.

I always used to do a loose plan of the year ahead. But this time around I am going to make those plans public. I am starting a blog to give updates on what is going on. Thanks to [Shubhankar][shubhankar].

<!–-break-–>
Here are my Goals for 2020:
* &nbsp; Pass Google Mobile Web specialist certification (first half): I wanted to do this in 2019. But I did not have enough time in 2019. Also, I need to pay a good amount of money to seat in the exam. No point of wasting money if not confident to pass. I am gonna attempt this in the first quarter of 2020.
* &nbsp; Run a half marathon (first half): If you know me then you know, I used to be a very good long-distance runner. Won't say I did not have time but not running enough since I am in Bangalore. [This][shubhankar] guy inspired me to run again.
* &nbsp; Play an organized leather ball tournament: It's time to play cricket. Would love to participate in a few tournaments. I have been targeting a tournament for a while. It is time.
* &nbsp; Contribute to at least 1 machine learning codebase: I am interested in learning and doing some AI magic tricks. The show is already live here in [Radicali][radicali].
* &nbsp; Contribute to 4+ open source react projects: I am good, But born to be the best. Would love to contribute to one of the core packages in the eco-system.
* &nbsp; Contribute to 2+ open-source typescript project. Declaration file, etc... Again, part of the journey to enlightenment
* &nbsp; Write 1+ dart application: Dart is making all the good noise. Worth a shot. Maybe a hobby project.
* &nbsp; Finish in top 30 in a CP event, or score 1800+ rating on hackerEarth: I will work on this in the second half only. 
* &nbsp; Weekly tech blog, Bi-weekly life blog: Would be writing a technical blog every week and a life blog every alternate week. Would be giving an update on my goals and life in general in my life blog.
* &nbsp; Monthly Community give back. It's a small give-back thing that we were planning to start. I and my brother are keeping aside 1k each every month, which we will spend on the people.

What are your plans for 2020?

[shubhankar]:      https://shubh24.github.io
[radicali]:        https://radicali.io
